Allow user-select in ResultContainer header (#5401)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: CHANGELOG.md

- A `hardTTL` setting was added to the [Bitbucket Server `authorization` config](https://docs.sourcegraph.com/admin/external_service/bitbucketserver#configuration). This setting specifies a duration after which a user's cached permissions must be updated before any user action is authorized. This contrasts with the already existing `ttl` setting which defines a duration after which a user's cached permissions will get updated in the background, but the previously cached (and now stale) permissions are used to authorize any user action occuring before the update concludes. If your previous `ttl` value is larger than the default of the new `hardTTL` setting (i.e. **3 days**), you must change the `ttl` to be smaller or, `hardTTL` to be larger.
- Sourcegraph now receives [pings](https://docs.sourcegraph.com/admin/pings) on which extensions are activated from Sourcegraph.com.

> - Allow user select in `ResultContainer` headers (to allow for copying filenames)

Reviewer: Tweak to explain this more from the user perspective (vs technical implementation change)

```suggestion
- Allow text selection in search result headers (to allow for e.g. copying filenames)
```

Reviewer: @pariser I'd be happy to merge this and include in this release if could you apply this suggestion :)

Author: Thanks @felixfbecker !
